feat: add textract extension (#1774)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/includes/quarkus-amazon-textract.adoc

> = Amazon Textract Client
> :extension-status: preview
> :summary: Interact with Amazon Textract from your Quarkus applications using AWS SDK for Java 2.x.
> :categories: cloud, amazon, ai
> :keywords: aws, textract, document-analysis, quarkus
> :guide: https://quarkus.io/guides/amazon-textract
> :artifact-id: quarkus-amazon-textract
> 
> == Introduction
> 
> This extension allows you to interact with Amazon Textract, a fully managed machine learning service that automatically extracts text, forms, and tables from scanned documents.
> 
> You can use this extension to integrate Textract capabilities in your Quarkus applications using the AWS SDK for Java 2.x.
> 
> == Prerequisites
> 
> To use this extension, you will need:
> — An AWS account with Textract permissions
> — AWS credentials configured via environment variables, system properties, or the default credentials provider
> — Quarkus 2.0 or later
> 
> == Installation
> 
> To enable the Amazon Textract extension, add the following dependency to your `pom.xml`:
> 
> [source,xml]
> ----
> <dependency>
>     <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
>     <artifactId>quarkus-amazon-textract</artifactId>
> </dependency>
> ----
> 
> == Configuration
> 
> You can configure the Textract client via `application.properties` or `application.yaml`.
> 
> [source,properties]
> ----
> quarkus.amazon.textract.sync-client.type=apache
> quarkus.amazon.textract.region=us-east-1
> quarkus.amazon.textract.credentials.type=default
> ----
> 
> For full configuration options, check the Quarkus [Amazon Textract Configuration Reference](https://quarkus.io/guides/amazon-textract#configuration-reference).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can use this extension to integrate Textract capabilities in your Quarkus applications using the AWS SDK for Java 2.x.

include::./amazon-configure-clients.adoc[]
```

You can leave the following in the parent page directly and remove the link to the quarkus guide as it will be the page itself.
This page should be auto generated when you run `mvn install` and should contain the configuration reference.

Reviewer: take example on RDS

quarkus.amazon.textract.credentials.type=default
----

For full configuration options, check the Quarkus [Amazon Textract Configuration Reference](https://quarkus.io/guides/amazon-textract#configuration-reference).

== Usage

You can inject the Textract client in your Quarkus beans using:

[source,java]
----
import software.amazon.awssdk.services.textract.TextractClient;

import jakarta.inject.Inject;
import jakarta.enterprise.context.ApplicationScoped;

@ApplicationScoped
public class TextractService {

    @Inject
    TextractClient textractClient;

    public void analyzeDocument(ByteBuffer documentBytes) {
        AnalyzeDocumentRequest request = AnalyzeDocumentRequest.builder()
            .featureTypes(FeatureType.FORMS, FeatureType.TABLES)
            .document(Document.builder().bytes(SdkBytes.fromByteBuffer(documentBytes)).build())
            .build();

        AnalyzeDocumentResponse response = textractClient.analyzeDocument(request);
        // Handle response...
    }
}
----

== Dev Services

If you want to use Dev Services with Textract (mocked), you'll need to configure local emulation manually as AWS does not offer a native local Textract service.

> A common choice is [LocalStack](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/textract/), which can be configured alongside Dev Services for integration testing.

Reviewer: I guess this is part of localstack pro version ?
